So congratulations, at this point in time,
you now have two pages.
You have a home page, you have an inside
page, they're commendable across devices.
And it is amazing looking portfolio
with all kinds of different images,
all kinds of different colors and
it's ready for you.
So what I hope you'll do with these
particular layout is, I hope that you
will think about what story you want
to tell about your own career and
your own portfolio.
Swap in some screenshots,
swap in little bits of code.
Swap in whatever makes sense to
tell your story in the best way.
You'll have a very cool looking portfolio,
something a little bit different
than everybody else has there.
You can even swap in different images
in the space images that I've used for
images that are meaningful to you and
for your life.
So congratulations on making your
two page website with HTML and CSS.
And I look forward to seeing you in
another course here at Frontend Masters.
>> [APPLAUSE]